https://github.com/Nate711/StanfordDoggoProject
This project caught my eye because as a kid I always had robotic pets. I grew up in NYC and back when I was growing up, apartments were not as pet friendly as 
they are now. If I wanted a pet it had to be a machine. I was that six year old that was handy with a screwdriver and I was always taking apart my robots to see how 
they worked. This project speaks to my inner child. The project is open source and they give a lot of pictures and instructions on what parts are needed and how to get
the program to work. I'm holding on to this repository so that when I'm farther along in my studies I can try to tinker with this myself.

https://github.com/lachtren/viruSim
This code is suppose to simulate a viral outbreak. I'm in the sim/vis program so this was very interesting to see. 
This has shown me that when I graduate I can  use my newly gained skills for more than creating fun vr games. 
I could create simulations that can help create solutions for issues such as pandemics. 

https://github.com/novalain/inverse-kinematics
This is a simulation of a walking human using inverse kinematics and skinning of vertices. 
As simple as this may be, I thought this was cool because the logic behind making this code is something that 
I just learned in linear algebra in my last class. I plan on seeing if i can actually use this code in a little personal project in unity. 
It's just nice to see how something I am learning can be applied to things I want to do in the future.

https://github.com/xfgao/VRKitchen
This is a virtual kitchen environment. I really like the idea of this simulation. I love to cook and this immediately made me think 
"how cool would it be to learn recipes through vr training". The possibilities don't end there. 
I'm excited just thinking of all of the possibilities of d.i.y. project simulations.

https://github.com/pablolucianop/teach-dog-a-trick
this code is for a small game which involes teaching a dog a trick. The appearance of the dog is cartoonish but I like it.
I currently work as an animal control officer and there is a lack of proper training for new officers. 
I want to create simulations that could be used as training for new officers. 

https://github.com/github/gitignore
I think I found the mother of gitignore. I still don't understand fully as to what it is or what it does, but I am looking forward to 
learning it about it more in class. I am also going to start watching some videos on it. Even though I don't understand it, gitignore seems 
like it will be a very important component in my programming journey.